now this is to train us to submit to
being radiated this is not under the
regular radiation laws it violates laws
and think about the idiot TSA workers
who are being back scattered by it
leaking 24-7 have you heard now they
have 500 mobile federal trucks with guys
with no shielding with stuff so powerful
it's ten times a chest x-ray looking
through your walls that's fortune but
heads yeah yeah pull up the fortune
magazine or Forbes it's Forbes looking
for a 500 mobile x they drive around
neighborhoods and grids looking for your
guns looking for stuff hidden in the
walls is x-ray your house they x-ray
your house hurting you and the listen
the idiot technicians there's a plane
wait a minute I gotta know about this
driving they have the technology to just
shoot an x-ray and you can take an image
through something like on the street and
it's at least 10 times I've had
radiologists on and major radiologist
associations are sending letters to the
government going these systems and
airports are 50 times more radiation
than what they previously said New York
Times there it is feds radiating
Americans mobile x-ray vans hit us
streets and it and they got vans I
looked through looks to see the money
and drugs piled up and cars and trucks
yeah no no guys I want the forbes
magazine 500 mobile x-ray vans looking
through walls that's still pretty easy
though even though it says cars and
trucks and is driving around looking in
your car what if you got a best Forbes
guys Joe is gonna believe it till I show
it to anybody no no no no and a no till
guess your car now ok that's enough shit
nothing will change this guys are like
demonic all 911 did for us was kill all
those people and give them a fucking
green light because they were doing it
all along they've been invading our
privacy all along but this just getting
the green light to go in our assholes
and show them everything on the line
they're going through walls there it is
hold on just a minute while you're going
down every lust of potty words treat
roving vans and is that the still the
looking is that the Forbes yeah print it
off for me it says houses oh I also have
fox news out of New York with the army
running families and cars under it
radiating I'm going we've helped do two
thousand drug arrests with this oh how
are they able to just do that like
someone has to give them from know it
violates the Fourth Amendment but if you
the article it says in there that
they're also looking through walls of
houses it's in the article Wow how
creepy is that I didn't know they could
do that I thought you had to be inside a
machine for that door no you know not of
its super high powered but I've talked
to TSA agents then I confirmed they're
gonna put them in all the airports
they're gonna make a mandatory and
they're coming out at all the major
federal and state court houses with the
machines but with these high-powered
ones they can shoot right through your
walls right through trucks so they could
be radiating babies and no no here's the
deal people they ask the TSA workers and
the feds that drive these vans they go
do you have a problem with radiation and
if you say yes they fire you they can
always find idiots that don't care if
you think them driving by ready at your
house as bad it is and violate your
Fourth Amendment your privacy what about
the workers in the trucks they're not in
lead shielding the TSA guys all day
standing around these things they're not
in shielding if I bring me that a group
of scientists that sent letters to
Homeland Security about this pull up New
York Times cancer risk from higher than
thought from x-ray machines or airport
scanners cause higher levels of cancer
and you'll get London Guardian ap
Reuters this is the University of San
Francisco University of California San
Francisco to john p Holdren assistant to
the president science and technology
this is an urgent situation these x-ray
scanners are rapidly being implemented
as a primary screening step for all air
travel this is all the PhD scientist
four of them here and this is just one
thing where they talk about how it's
gonna caught there does airport body
scanners could give you cancer Wow
London mail Daily Mail um no no guys
this is I mean look people say thank you
Alex for being involved thank you for
caring thank you for being out there
reaching out to people what am I
supposed to do I can't even take my kids
to Disney World now because some pervert
will want to feel them up and put them
in a radiation box the government
admittedly nerve gases our troops
admittedly shoots kids up all over the
world with syphilis and gives him holy
oh this is all admitted and we're like
oh but they wouldn't run the al-qaeda
attacks
I mean folks none of us are safe they're
poison the food the water everything
this is eugenics they are introducing
binary weapons and degenerative weapons
to kill the population diabetes is off
the charts cancer is off the charts all
of this is off the charts because
they're killing us these are you Genesis
it's all covered an end game Joe you're
really killing my high such a bummer now
if you're high on life high on life you
know the thing about marijuana you know
a lot of it's grown in these places
using these fertilizers that are full of
heavy metals which places the hydroponic
stuff really I how the hydroponic stuff
is all the indoor stuff that's all with
I mean not have they grown with the
chemicals sir if they grow with
chemicals okay but don't they aren't the
chemicals just to keep pesticides isn't
that what it is I mean that's what
you're talking about just seen the
studies marijuana is very bad you think
so i can make sarcastic i I got paraquat
when I was in high school what's that I
was putting the humble so government
would spray on marijuana grow marijuana
I got that I got that for 13 days I came
out the night Earnie Shavers for
what's-his-name September 7890 son who
Earnie Shavers faultline reforming Larry
Holmes hmm yeah that's great with that
so Alex Jones what he say to people to
say that the government didn't kill
Kennedy dumb argument and I've been
having it with smart people and I don't
like it I don't like the argument it's I
always tell them read a couple books
well we best evidence by David liftin
that's my favorite one you know it's
pretty clear that there is some
conspiracy going on it's pretty clear
this this guy just hands me a kennedy
thing I'll say he's a genius no scanner
vans allowed drive by snooping now and
then it gets into houses in the Forbes
article but but but tired of having that
dumb argument with people they don't
believe that the government killed
Kennedy Mike come on man you really
think that Lee Harvey Oswald acted alone
and they'll start talking about some
stupid look where this guy prove that
the single Bullet theory could have the
single bullet they found that bullet on
a gurney if you look at the bet it
wasn't even damaged you shoot a bullet
through a bone it's gonna be deformed
but let me go back and answer your
question since you bring this up I have
interviewed all the main experts have
been there many times I'm from Dallas
was born at Parkland where they brought
Kennedy there's so much evidence it
makes your head spin but now he Howard
hunt
who Ethan Hunt in the Mission Impossible
is is is named after he was the head of
black op assassination squads on record
in over 10 countries well he now
admitted on his deathbed that he ran the
operation in Dallas and that the orders
came from LBJ who had orders up above
him but then you look at all these
so-called scientists shows I've
interviewed people they don't set it up
where they shoot the dummy with the
green jelly and it said on history
channel they don't shoot the dummy from
the same spot with a person shot they
lie and say the trees were cut they say
he could shoot three times at six
seconds and be able to aim it was all a
setup but then you have other pieces of
evidence well even if he could the only
reason why they wanted to say that he
shot three times because they had to
account for three bullets because they
had that one that ricocheted off the
curbstone underneath the overpass when
they when they listen they killed
hundreds of witnesses there were people
in trains and behind it they saw the men
in the green pickup truck they saw them
shooting I mean the cops ran up to the
grassy knoll there's photos of the
plumes of smoke people to see men you
know the silhouettes with guns and all
those people were killed